0.1 Naseem Shah to Rohit, 1 run, back of a length delivery on middle, Rohit gets off the mark by gently turning it towards square leg

0.2 Naseem Shah to Rahul, out Bowled!! Golden duck for Rahul! Maiden T20I wicket for Naseem Shah. He's on a celebratory run. 142kph, a tentative Rahul dangles his bat at this short of length ball outside off. A nothing shot and he deflects it onto the sticks via an inside edge. Perfect start for Pakistan. Rahul b Naseem Shah 0(1)

0.3 Naseem Shah to Kohli, no run, 144kph, wow! Inswinger that further nips back in sharply, Kohli shoulders arms and it wasn't too far away from the off-stump. Kohli has a wry smile on his face...

0.4 Naseem Shah to Kohli, no run, 145kph, edged and dropped! Pitched up outside off, hint of away swing and Kohli chases it with hard hands for an expansive drive. Gets a fat outside edge and Fakhar Zaman fails to hold onto it as he dives to his right at second slip. Went with both hands but fluffed. How costly will it be? The Indian innings off to a dramatic start

0.5 Naseem Shah to Kohli, 1 run, the line's too straight from Naseem Shah and Kohli opens his account by working it to backward square leg

0.6 Naseem Shah to Rohit, wide, darted down leg and the keeper dives to his left to collect it. Oh dear, Rizwan is down in pain, probably cramps. Let's hope it isn't serious...

0.6 Naseem Shah to Rohit, no run, 141kph, Pakistan appeal for caught behind, the umpire is unmoved and Pakistan don't review. A mini team meeting with Rizwan doing the talking. Brilliant first over from Naseem Shah. And a beaut to end the over. A lovely out-seamer with pace and bounce marginally outside off. Rohit had to play at it and fortunately for him, the ball eluded the outside nick...

1.1 Dahani to Kohli, no run, in-angler, Kohli defends it on the leg-side

1.2 Dahani to Kohli, no run, 144kph, in-seaming short of a good length ball, Kohli plays late and blocks with soft hands. Gets an inside edge onto his pad and the ball dirs down on the off-side

1.3 Dahani to Kohli, no run, loose from Kohli! Chases this out-seamer with a half-hearted cut shot and is beaten on the outside edge. It was wide and there was extra bounce as well

1.4 Dahani to Kohli, 2 runs, 139kph, pitched up delivery and Kohli's bat turns at the point of impact as he tries to play an aerial off-drive. No timing whatsoever. Had mid-off stayed at the edge of the circle, Kohli might have been a goner...

1.5 Dahani to Kohli, FOUR, 139kph, this one's come off the meat of the bat. Harmless short ball, Kohli picks the length early and authoritatively pulls it through mid-wicket. Reached the fence in a jiffy

1.6 Dahani to Kohli, 1 run, Dahani shortens his length and Kohli is on the walk to waft it through the covers, gets an inside edge that eludes the leg-stump and rolls towards fine leg

2.1 Naseem Shah to Kohli, no run, 144kph, full delivery, Kohli gets forward and miscues the drive to mid-on

2.2 Naseem Shah to Kohli, no run, 142kph, Kohli plays with soft hands as he drops this length ball in front of point, can't steal the single

2.3 Naseem Shah to Kohli, 2 runs, 141kph, back of a length delivery, tucked through backward square leg for a brace

2.4 Naseem Shah to Kohli, 1 run, 141kph, flashes his bat hard on seeing the line outside off and gets an inside edge towards backward square leg

2.5 Naseem Shah to Rohit, 1 run, 143kph, on a length and outside off, Rohit runs it down to third man

2.6 Naseem Shah to Kohli, 1 run, 144kph, fuller than good length, Kohli opens his bat-face to force it backward of square on the off-side. Third man runs to his right and tides up

3.1 Haris Rauf to Kohli, 1 run, 141kph, with a slip in place, Rauf starts with a length ball, turned to mid-wicket

3.2 Haris Rauf to Rohit, no run, skiddy length ball outside off, Rohit misses the cut. A lazy shot from the Indian captain...

3.3 Haris Rauf to Rohit, 1 run, 142kph, Rohit moves leg-side and jogs down to heave and inside-halves it to mid-on's right

3.4 Haris Rauf to Kohli, no run, 144kph, short of length around off, tapped to backward point

3.5 Haris Rauf to Kohli, SIX, banged in short, gets big on the batter and Kohli goes hard on the pull. Gets a fat top-edge that flies over the keeper and all the way over the ropes for a maximum

3.6 Haris Rauf to Kohli, no run, slower delivery, leg-lined, Kohli walks forward and across before glancing it straight to short fine leg

4.1 Dahani to Rohit, no run, 138kph, good length delivery, Rohit covers the line and solidly defends

4.2 Dahani to Rohit, no run, 136kph, length ball outside off and Rohit shapes up for an ugly hoick across the line. Beaten on the outside edge!

4.3 Dahani to Rohit, 1 run, 143kph, shortish ball outside off, Rohit uses the bowler's pace and width to dab it to third man

4.4 Dahani to Kohli, FOUR, 145kph, overpitched outside off, Kohli throws his bat at it and flays it over cover point. Decent contact and the ball bullets away

4.5 Dahani to Kohli, no run, 137kph, in-angler on middle, Kohli brings his bat down in time to keep it out on the off-side

4.6 Dahani to Kohli, 1 run, 137kph, back of a length, Kohli stands tall and forces it between cover and extra cover for a single

5.1 Haris Rauf to Kohli, no run, 149kph, fullish delivery, a half-stride forward from Kohli to knock it to mid-on

5.2 Haris Rauf to Kohli, FOUR, that's an incredible shot from Kohli! 145kph, he stands tall and brings his bottom hand into play to employ a wristy pull over wide mid-on. One bounce and into the fence

5.3 Haris Rauf to Kohli, 1 run, 128kph, slower ball on a length and outside off, Kohli runs it down to third man

5.4 Haris Rauf to Rohit, leg byes, FOUR, poor line from Haris Rauf. Strays one on the pads and a crouching Rohit misses the flick. Off the pads and the ball runs away quickly to fine leg

5.5 Haris Rauf to Rohit, no run, 141kph, a jaffa from Haris Rauf! In-angler on a short of a good length. Rohit thinks he has the line covered but the ball straightens off the pitch to whizz past the outside edge

5.6 Haris Rauf to Rohit, no run, punched off the back foot but straight to backward point

6.1 Shadab Khan to Kohli, no run, fired much full, flat, jammed out down the track

6.2 Shadab Khan to Kohli, 1 run, punched firmly and it knocks Rohit down at the other end! The captain is floored and he gathers himself quickly to get the single. Was fuller again from Shadab, flat, Kohli stepped out and drilled it straight back to his partner. The deflection could have gone anywhere, fortunately for him it's gone down to long-on

6.3 Shadab Khan to Rohit, no run, floaty googly, full, Rohit reaches out and defends

6.4 Shadab Khan to Rohit, no run, beaten! Rohit never a comfortable starter against leg-spin and here he is beaten by the quicker leg-break from Shadab. Quick work from Rizwan and the umpires refer this for a stumping check. Rohit's back foot did overbalance a bit, the question is whether it was in the air when the bails came off. Momentarily, the foot did go up but it was done promptly as well

6.5 Shadab Khan to Rohit, 1 run, slower and fuller on middle and leg, worked away past mid-wicket

6.6 Shadab Khan to Kohli, 1 run, flatter and wider, Kohli punches it away to sweeper cover

7.1 Mohammad Nawaz to Kohli, 1 run, quicker one outside off, Kohli stays back and punches it down to long-off

7.2 Mohammad Nawaz to Rohit, 1 run, big mishit, falls between deep backward square leg and deep mid-wicket! Rohit with the slog sweep, shuffled early and went hard at this but Nawaz had bowled it much fuller, making it a touch tougher for the stroke to come off. Fortune for the Indian captain

7.3 Mohammad Nawaz to Kohli, 1 run, quicker one on middle and leg, wristed away to deep mid-wicket

7.4 Mohammad Nawaz to Rohit, SIX, SMOKED! Gets the slog sweep right this time, this time he didn't shuffle and held his pose and went well in front of square. Length was there for the shot and he's sent this into the second tier at deep mid-wicket. Lovely shot!

7.5 Mohammad Nawaz to Rohit, no run, fuller again, slower with some turn away, Rohit pats it to the off-side

7.6 Mohammad Nawaz to Rohit, out Caught by Iftikhar Ahmed!! This is brave bowling from Nawaz! Deserves this wicket. Despite being tonked for a massive six, he dared to bowl it slower and in that fullish length. Rohit couldn't resist having another go at the spinner, came charging down for the loft downtown, but this spun away just a shade to induce a big slice. Comfortable take for long-off. Timely breakthrough for Pakistan because this pair was threatening to shift another gear. Rohit c Iftikhar Ahmed b Mohammad Nawaz 12(18) [6s-1]

8.1 Shadab Khan to Kohli, no run, slower and fuller, Kohli tries to flick but gets a soft leading edge down the track

8.2 Shadab Khan to Kohli, 1 run, sliding into the pads, Kohli hangs back and clips it away past mid-wicket

8.3 Shadab Khan to Jadeja, no run, quickish leg break, Jadeja stays back and punches it to short cover

8.4 Shadab Khan to Jadeja, 1 run, drags it short around leg stump, Jadeja kneels and plays the half-pull to deep square leg

8.5 Shadab Khan to Kohli, no run, tossed up nicely, Kohli lunges and push-drives wide of Shadab but short cover gets across with a dive to cut off the single

8.6 Shadab Khan to Kohli, 1 run, speared full and on the pads, Kohli clips it away to deep square leg

9.1 Mohammad Nawaz to Kohli, out Caught by Iftikhar Ahmed!! 2 in 2 for Nawaz and this game is alive! And it can't get bigger than the two wickets that he's taken. The well-set Kohli falls and this is a very bizarre dismissal to be honest. Was tossed up nicely by Nawaz, inviting the big shot but what Kohli did wrong here was that he lacked clarity in his execution. Came charging down, and neither went for a proper loft nor looked to play it along the ground. Probably wanted to check his shot at the last moment but it was too late. Gets into a tangle and the mishit is straight down long-off's throat. From being on top, India are now in a bit of trouble. Kohli c Iftikhar Ahmed b Mohammad Nawaz 35(34) [4s-3 6s-1]

9.2 Mohammad Nawaz to Suryakumar Yadav, 1 run, flatter and wider outside off, Yadav stays back and cuts it away to sweeper cover

9.3 Mohammad Nawaz to Jadeja, no run, big LBW shout from Nawaz but the ump is unmoved! Flat and spinning in, Jadeja looks to work across the line and is struck on the back leg. Might have been a bit too high

9.4 Mohammad Nawaz to Jadeja, SIX, tonked way over the sightscreen for a 98 metre monster! It's gone into the second tier. Lovely proactive stroke from Jadeja. Stepped out, got to the pitch and lofted it straight back over the bowler's head. No half-measures from the all-rounder and he's hit this miles

9.5 Mohammad Nawaz to Jadeja, 1 run, flatter and wider, Jadeja stays back and cuts it away behind point

9.6 Mohammad Nawaz to Suryakumar Yadav, 1 run, quicker one on the pads, Yadav flicks it away past mid-wicket

10.1 Shadab Khan to Suryakumar Yadav, 1 run, drifting in around off, full, Yadav drives it wristily through point

10.2 Shadab Khan to Jadeja, 1 run, quicker one on the pads, Jadeja flicks it away past mid-wicket

10.3 Shadab Khan to Suryakumar Yadav, no run, flatter and wider, Yadav punches this but can't beat point

10.4 Shadab Khan to Suryakumar Yadav, FOUR, Yadav at his audacious best! Premeditates the sweep, it's leg-lined and he's broomed it furiously. Splits short fine leg and the man at deep backward square leg with precision. Terrific stuff!

10.5 Shadab Khan to Suryakumar Yadav, no run, fractionally short, Yadav hangs back and dabs it to backward point

10.6 Shadab Khan to Suryakumar Yadav, 1 run, quicker and fuller, SKY drives this fluently through the covers towards sweeper

11.1 Mohammad Nawaz to Suryakumar Yadav, no run, flat and a tad short, Yadav hangs back and cuts hard but can't beat backward point. He's missed out there

11.2 Mohammad Nawaz to Suryakumar Yadav, 1 run, fired in, cramping Yadav on leg-stump, tucked away to deep mid-wicket

11.3 Mohammad Nawaz to Jadeja, FOUR, that's gone a like a bullet off the blade! Wow! This is a stunning shot from Jadeja because it wasn't a floaty delivery. Was fired full and flat by Nawaz, and yet Jadeja was able to step out and drill it back. Hit with such power that it went to the fence in a jiffy. Long-off and long-on both were there, but they could only watch

11.4 Mohammad Nawaz to Jadeja, 1 run, speared in on middle and leg, clipped towards the gap at backward square leg

11.5 Mohammad Nawaz to Suryakumar Yadav, 1 run, pushed through quicker and it grips a bit off the deck, spins away slightly with bounce and Yadav plays it softly to cover. They pinch a tight single. Rizwan isn't amused, and rightly so. Can't be giving singles so easily

11.6 Mohammad Nawaz to Jadeja, 1 run, quicker one around leg stump, Jadeja stays back and pulls this towards deep backward square leg

12.1 Shadab Khan to Jadeja, no run, widish googly, Jadeja looks to cut it away but can't reach it. Extra bounce for Shadab

12.2 Shadab Khan to Jadeja, no run, fired very full and wide, almost yorkerish and Jadeja jams it back to the bowler

12.3 Shadab Khan to Jadeja, 1 run, quicker one on leg stump, cramps Jadeja on the back foot and he pulls this towards the right of short fine leg

12.4 Shadab Khan to Suryakumar Yadav, 2 runs, drags this short and wide, Yadav cuts well off the back foot behind point and it takes a superb sliding effort from sweeper cover to his left to prevent the boundary

12.5 Shadab Khan to Suryakumar Yadav, 2 runs, speared fuller and straighter, wristed away wide of long-on and the batters run well to sneak the second

12.6 Shadab Khan to Suryakumar Yadav, 1 run, tossed up on middle and leg, Yadav wrists it gently down to long-on. Shadab's day is done, a very tidy spell and although he didn't get a wicket, he's built steady pressure from his end

13.1 Dahani to Suryakumar Yadav, 1 run, fine little dab from Yadav, played this hard length ball very late and the deflection almost beat Rizwan who did well to get a hand on this. Took some sting out of the stroke and allowed third man to get across in time. Could have been a boundary, instead it's just a single

13.2 Dahani to Jadeja, no run, short of a length outside off, Jadeja flashes hard and is beaten

13.3 Dahani to Jadeja, wide, Pakistan have burnt a review! It was Shadab at point who seemed most confident about this and coaxed Babar for the review. They did need a wicket badly too, so you can understand why they went upstairs for this. Short ball from Dahani, slightly leg-lined and Jadeja gets inside the line to pull. The ball did pass close to the bat/glove but there was never an edge there. Ump was confident and UltraEdge proves him right with a flat line

13.3 Dahani to Jadeja, 1 run, back of a length on the pads, tucked away down to fine leg

13.4 Dahani to Suryakumar Yadav, 1 run, width offer, on a length and Yadav punches it on the up to sweeper cover

13.5 Dahani to Jadeja, 1 run, short of a length around leg stump, pulled away to deep mid-wicket

13.6 Dahani to Suryakumar Yadav, 1 run, makes room to go over the infield down the ground but Yadav is cramped by the fullish in-angler and he gets it off the inside half to mid-on. Just a single. Fine over of defensive bowling from Dahani

14.1 Naseem Shah to Suryakumar Yadav, no run, back of a length around middle-and-off, Yadav stays on the back foot and nudges this to short mid-wicket

14.2 Naseem Shah to Suryakumar Yadav, out Bowled!! The off stump has been destroyed! Started his first spell with a wicket second ball and does the same in his next spell. Terrific delivery and this is such a hammer blow in the context of the game. SKY in a bid to break the shackles has been cleaned up neck and crop here. Wanted to heave this away with mid-on up but is hustled for pace here. Misses it altogether and sees the furniture ripped. Babar's move to bring Naseem on has worked wonders. Pakistan are on top now. Suryakumar Yadav b Naseem Shah 18(18) [4s-1]

14.3 Naseem Shah to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, neat leg glance from Hardik to start his innings, was a touch risky because he went across early and played it from a middle stump line. Glanced away very fine to the right of fine leg

14.4 Naseem Shah to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, and again! Hardik shuffles across once more and is content to play Naseem's stump-to-stump deliveries from well inside the line. Clips this down to fine leg

14.5 Naseem Shah to Jadeja, 1 run, slower and short on leg stump, Jadeja pulls it away to deep mid-wicket. Just a single

14.6 Naseem Shah to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, signature Hardik back foot slap! Back of a length, not a great deal of width but just enough for him to free his arms and he fiercely slices this away. Shadab at backward point is a tad slow to react and it whistles away to the fence

15.1 Dahani to Jadeja, 1 run, short of a length outside off, steered away down to third man

15.2 Dahani to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, back of a length around off, Hardik mistimes the pull towards the gap at mid-wicket

15.3 Dahani to Jadeja, 1 run, back of a length wider outside off, Jadeja stays back and punches it away to deep point. Just a single

15.4 Dahani to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, back of a length outside off, Hardik stands tall and punches it firmly wide of extra cover. Sweeper gets across to his right to tidy up

15.5 Dahani to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, skiddy hard length ball, Hardik was shaping to go big on the pull shot but had to adjust quickly to the lack of bounce, controls this through square leg

15.6 Dahani to Jadeja, 3 wides, bonus runs! Banged in short and down leg, Jadeja can't connect the pull and Rizwan doesn't gather it cleanly either due to the wobble in the air. Lets it through and the batters had a couple more to the wide

15.6 Dahani to Jadeja, 1 run, back of a length around off, Jadeja stands tall and pulls well but can't find the gap at deep mid-wicket. Just a single

16.1 Haris Rauf to Jadeja, 2 wides, Rizwan again fumbles down the leg-side and more runs gifted to India! Slower ball from Rauf, gets the line totally wrong

16.1 Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, no run, slash and a miss! Pacy hard length from Rauf, Hardik tries to whack it away on the off-side but doesn't connect

16.2 Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, no run, two dots in a row now! Rauf goes pace-on again and hits that hard length once again, Hardik is beaten on the cut shot once more. This one probably skid on a bit

16.3 Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, slower ball this time, width offered and Hardik waits a bit before powering the drive through the covers. Comfortable two with the big ground dimensions

16.4 Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, dug in short this time, cramps Hardik on the pull and he mistimes this through mid-wicket. Just a single

16.5 Haris Rauf to Jadeja, wide, searches for the leg stump yorker but gets the line slightly wrong, Fractionally down the leg-side and past Jadeja's flicking blade

16.5 Haris Rauf to Jadeja, 2 runs, pitched right up on leg stump, Jadeja wrists it away to the right of deep square leg and the duo run well to pick up a brace

16.6 Haris Rauf to Jadeja, leg byes, 1 run, a very optimistic LBW shout from Rauf but that's pitched outside leg clearly and don't think it was hitting the stumps anyway. Gets this on a length, straightens a bit as Jadeja looks to flick and the deflection off the pads rolls towards square leg

17.1 Naseem Shah to Jadeja, wide, slower bouncer attempted but it's too high and loops well over Jadeja. Wided and also signaled one for the over

17.1 Naseem Shah to Jadeja, FOUR, finds the boundary and has the Indian crowd going bonkers! Mid-off is up and Naseem provides width much to the delight of Jadeja who makes room and flays this away through extra cover. Timely boundary and the debutant is now under pressure. Naseem is struggling with his foot and is hobbling a bit

17.2 Naseem Shah to Jadeja, no run, beaten! Short of a length around off, angling across Jadeja who is beaten on the flick. Naseem continues to hobble and it's not good signs for him. Pakistan have already lost Shaheen and Wasim Jr to injuries

17.3 Naseem Shah to Jadeja, no run, play and a miss! Good comeback this from Naseem, goes shortish and wider, past Jadeja's slashing blade

17.4 Naseem Shah to Jadeja, no run, good use of the review by Jadeja! This simply looked to be pitching outside leg even in real time and it's surprising the on-field ump gave this LBW. Not been a great game in terms of the umpiring. Jadeja is saved by the DRS. This did straighten and hit him plumb on the back leg. Surely hitting middle-and-leg but that won't matter as ball tracking shows it to be not pitching in line. Meanwhile Naseem is down and in serious pain after the appeal

17.5 Naseem Shah to Jadeja, SIX, smashed into the sightscreen! Jadeja is turning the tables here. Naseem clearly not bowling at full stretch, he can't and this is a friendly slot ball. Right in the arc for Jadeja who puts it away with a clean loft down the ground. Hit it straight and got it between long-on and long-off. 21 runs | 13 balls now

17.6 Naseem Shah to Jadeja, no run, goes short and wide, Jadeja looks to play the upper cut but is beaten by the extra bounce. He has a glance at the umps whether to know if it was another bouncer. Naseem can't bowl another and so this would be a no-ball if it were signalled to be a short ball but the umps are happy

18.1 Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, very full and follows Hardik who was backing away to make room, whipped away to deep mid-wicket. Just a single

18.2 Haris Rauf to Jadeja, 1 run, slower ball, Jadeja waits and dabs it to backward point. Another single. Pakistan won't mind this one bit. Jadeja almost rammed into Rauf but thankfully, no collision

18.3 Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, there's the boundary India were seeking! Sloppy fielding gifts them an extra run. Only one deep fielder on the off-side, so Hardik was always going that side. Gets width to free his arms and he's flat-batted this hard length ball well over mid-off. Not a clean hit but enough to clear the infield and the two chasing fielders did well initially but the one palming the ball couldn't put it back inside the rope. Should have done better

18.4 Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, this has been belted away! Short this time, Hardik is ready on the back foot and he's waltzed the pull over mid-wicket. In the gap and long-on can't stop it despite putting in a desperate dive. Was hit so, so well

18.5 Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, no run, fiery short ball from Rauf! Beautifully bowled and Hardik can't connect the slash

18.6 Haris Rauf to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, and this surely is the game-killing blow! Absolute nonchalance from Hardik under pressure, stays back to the hard length and unleashes one of his signature short-arm jabs. So much power and more importantly, such precision as he splits long-on and deep mid-wicket. Just 7 needed off the final over!

19.1 Mohammad Nawaz to Jadeja, out Bowled!! Right on cue, here is that wicket! Is there another twist in this game? Nawaz knows the big shot is coming from the left-hander and drags the length back ever so slightly, not allowing Jadeja to get under the ball for the slog sweep and this brushes the back thigh en route to the stumps. Brave bowling once again from the left-arm spinner who has bowled with a lot of heart today. Hardik is on his haunches at the other end, disappointed at his partner's exit. Jadeja b Mohammad Nawaz 35(29) [4s-2 6s-2]

19.2 Mohammad Nawaz to Karthik, 1 run, quicker one on leg stump, Karthik sweeps hard but straight to deep backward square leg. Just a single. Gets Hardik back on strike

19.3 Mohammad Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, no run, it's a dot ball! This is some over from Nawaz so far. Hardik made room and wanted to blast this through the off-side with no sweeper at deep cover. Can't beat extra cover. 6 off 3! And he does a "I have this under control" gesture to DK

19.4 Mohammad Nawaz to Hardik Pandya, SIX, Hardik Pandya - swag, nonchalance and the finishing punch! Cool as a cucumber, sits back and smashes this quicker delivery over long-on for a flat maximum. Cracking pull shot and India have sealed a nervy thriller!