0.1 Bhuvneshwar to Rizwan, no run, solid start! Well bowled and well defended. A tad back of a length with a bit of nip back into the batter, blocked off the frontfoot towards point.

0.2 Bhuvneshwar to Rizwan, no run, what a repreive from Mohammad Rizwan. On a length around off, he plays a cross batted slog and misses. Gets struck on the back thigh pad. Given out LBW but review saves him as it would have been too high

0.3 Bhuvneshwar to Rizwan, 1 run, pitched fuller on the pads, clipped towards deep square leg for the first runs in the game

0.4 Bhuvneshwar to Babar Azam, FOUR, classic Babar Azam!Just a bit overpitched on off, Babar drives with the full face on the bat. The timing is too pure as it gets past the rightward dive of mid-off

0.5 Bhuvneshwar to Babar Azam, 1 run, on a length and just outside off, pushed towards extra cover for a single

0.6 Bhuvneshwar to Rizwan, no run, Rizwan survives again! On a length outside off, the batter went for a big drive over the cover region. He misses his connection and India lose a review as they decided to take it upstairs for caught behind

1.1 Arshdeep Singh to Babar Azam, no run, on a length and straighter, blocked to the leg side

1.2 Arshdeep Singh to Babar Azam, wide, pitched up but too wide outside off, Babar Azam tried to reach for it but it was still very far for him.

1.2 Arshdeep Singh to Babar Azam, no run, pitched fuller around middle, a bit of shape back to the right hander. Driven towards mid-wicket

1.3 Arshdeep Singh to Babar Azam, wide, short pitched over leg. The square leg umpire calls it wide for height!

1.3 Arshdeep Singh to Babar Azam, no run, good length outside off, tempting the Pakistani skipper who has a swing and a miss!

1.4 Arshdeep Singh to Babar Azam, 1 run, length ball on the pads, tucked towards Avesh Khan at fine leg

1.5 Arshdeep Singh to Rizwan, 1 run, pitched fuller around off, a little tap and run towards point from Mohammad Rizwan

1.6 Arshdeep Singh to Babar Azam, FOUR, he didn't even have to move! Babar Azam just waits and admires that straight drive as Arshdeep Singh gets this one too full on off stump. Not a chance for mid-off and Babar already looking ominous!

2.1 Bhuvneshwar to Rizwan, no run, pitched fuller outside off, carries low to keeper Karthik as Rizwan fails to connect

2.2 Bhuvneshwar to Rizwan, 1 run, risky single! Fuller length, Rizwan taps towards mid-off and takes off without any second thought. Fielder Hardik Pandya is quick to react and totally flings this at the stumps. Turns out Mohammad Rizwan was safe with the dive even if there was a direct hit!

2.3 Bhuvneshwar to Babar Azam, no run, fuller length on middle stump, push driven towards the mid-on fielder

2.4 Bhuvneshwar to Babar Azam, out Caught by Arshdeep Singh!! What a big wicket!! Babar Azam decides to take on the short ball by Bhuvi, gets a bit of a top-edge on his pull. Arshdeep Singh at short fine steadies to take a simple catch. India know the value of this scalp and they are celebrating aptly! Babar Azam c Arshdeep Singh b Bhuvneshwar 10(9) [4s-2]

2.5 Bhuvneshwar to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, A tester of a short ball to the new batter straightaway! Fakhar Zaman gloves his pull over the keeper's head on the off side for a boundary.

2.6 Bhuvneshwar to Fakhar Zaman, no run, low full toss on off, Zaman drives into the ground straight to Rohit Sharma at short cover. The Indian skipper appeals for a bump catch, maybe just having a bit of fun with the umpire as this one clearly bounced on the pitch first.

3.1 Arshdeep Singh to Rizwan, no run, fuller length outside off, seams back in. Rizwan lost his shape slightly and missed his drive once again

3.2 Arshdeep Singh to Rizwan, no run, fuller length just outside off, tapped towards the point fielder. Rizwan wanted the singe but Zaman refuses to take on the arm of Ravi Jadeja, smart decision!

3.3 Arshdeep Singh to Rizwan, no run, fuller outside off, once again punched towards Jadeja at point

3.4 Arshdeep Singh to Rizwan, FOUR, 141 clicks on a length outside off, Rizwan using the pace nicely opens the bat face at the last moment to guide this to the right of the fielder at short third

3.5 Arshdeep Singh to Rizwan, no run, better from Arshdeep. Much straighter on a length, Rizwan is compelled to defend back to the bowler

3.6 Arshdeep Singh to Rizwan, no run, on a length with a bit of width, tapped into the ground to once again pick out Ravi Jadeja. That's the 14th dot ball in the first four overs.

4.1 Hardik Pandya to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, a loosener to begin for Hardik Pandya. Too full with width, Zaman extends his arms for the drive between mid-off and extra cover. Some ordinary fielding by Bhuvi diving to his right allows Pak a boundary

4.2 Hardik Pandya to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, on a length with a tighter line, Zaman gets a thick outside edge towards wide third-man

4.3 Hardik Pandya to Rizwan, no run, fuller length on off, Rizwan defends back to Pandya who collects and fake-throws it back towards the bowler. They are all having a bit of fun there!

4.4 Hardik Pandya to Rizwan, 2 runs, on a length around middle and leg, bounces a bit more and Rizwan smartly shuffles to tuck this to the right of mid-wicket for a couple of runs

4.5 Hardik Pandya to Rizwan, no run, the effort ball! A sudden bouncer on the body, Rizwan made a late attempt to pull but only connects air. The ball grazes past the helmet

4.6 Hardik Pandya to Rizwan, no run, lovely delivery! This is more like the Hardik Pandya we know. On a length leaving the batter outside off, a classic test match length that totally beats Mohammad Rizwan.

5.1 Avesh Khan to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, 142 clicks, fuller length on the body, Zaman defends into the ground towards square leg

5.2 Avesh Khan to Rizwan, SIX, a shot played in disdain! Slightly slower from Avesh Khan, similar length. Rizwan makes an early shuffles and totally smokes this over deep mid-wicket. An 87m six!

5.3 Avesh Khan to Rizwan, FOUR, too full, attempting to york. Rizwan is too clever to understand and gathers this from outside off and flicks it through the large gap in the mid-wicket region!

5.4 Avesh Khan to Rizwan, 1 run, smart cricket! On a length outside off, Rizwan stays steady and dabs this towards deep point

5.5 Avesh Khan to Fakhar Zaman, out Caught by Karthik!! Wow! That has caught everyone by surprise. Looks like Fakhar Zaman has decided to walk! Short pitched by Avesh outside off, bounces a bit extra and the batter can't cut it over the backward point fielder. He gets a faint tickle which eluded the Indian team and the umpire, but Fakhar Zaman sincerely walks off! Full marks for sportsmanship. Fakhar Zaman c Karthik b Avesh Khan 10(6) [4s-2]

5.6 Avesh Khan to Iftikhar Ahmed, 1 run, pitched fuller on middle, driven tamely with the bat turning in his hands. The ball goes towards the right of mid-on to allow Iftikhar Ahmed to get off the mark!

6.1 Hardik Pandya to Iftikhar Ahmed, 1 run, fuller length almost goes down leg. Iftikhar clips this towards fine leg

6.2 Hardik Pandya to Rizwan, 1 run, on a lengt outside off, Rizwan opens his bat face on the drive and Avesh from third-man covers ground quickly to his right to keep it to a single

6.3 Hardik Pandya to Iftikhar Ahmed, no run, 142 clicks! Hardik Pandya building up some steam with a fuller length delivery on off. Iftikhar Ahmed fends this off the outside half of the bat towards the cover region

6.4 Hardik Pandya to Iftikhar Ahmed, FOUR, back of a length with width. Punched square of the wicket on the off side and Chahal puts it a dive from deep extra but can't stop it!

6.5 Hardik Pandya to Iftikhar Ahmed, 1 run, full on the pads, pushed to the right of mid-on for a single

6.6 Hardik Pandya to Rizwan, 1 run, short pitched on off, pulled straight to Virat Kohli at deep square leg

7.1 Chahal to Rizwan, no run, pitched on a length on middle and the ball slides on. Rizwan adjusts to defend off the backfoot back to the bowler

7.2 Chahal to Rizwan, 1 run, fuller on the pads, Rizwan dosen't connect cleanly with his sweep to short fine. Will get a single

7.3 Chahal to Iftikhar Ahmed, FOUR, on a length outside off, no spin on this one! Iftikhar Ahmed accepts the width and cuts to the left of backward point for a boundary. Well timed by the new batter

7.4 Chahal to Iftikhar Ahmed, 1 run, so much slower and getting some spin from leg stump. Defended softly towards mid-wicket to rotate strike

7.5 Chahal to Rizwan, 1 run, Chahal slides the googly a bit fuller on off, Rizwan didn't read it but gets enough on his drive towards long-on

7.6 Chahal to Iftikhar Ahmed, 1 run, shorter length on the body, clipped off the backfoot towards deep mid-wicket

8.1 Jadeja to Iftikhar Ahmed, no run, pitched up on off, spinning away. Driven towards short cover

8.2 Jadeja to Iftikhar Ahmed, 1 run, short and straight, punched off the backfoot towards long-on

8.3 Jadeja to Rizwan, 1 run, pitched fuller on off, a tap and run from Rizwan towards silly point

8.4 Jadeja to Iftikhar Ahmed, byes, 1 run, turn and bounce! Puzzles the batter on the outside edge and also Karthik as the ball lobs off his gloves towards short third

8.5 Jadeja to Rizwan, no run, pitched fuller and straight, defended to the leg side

8.6 Jadeja to Rizwan, 1 run, fuller delivery on off, Rizwan gives it a charge and drives it too powerfully for his own good. Cut off by Kohli at long-off and he's quick to throw it back to keep it to a single

9.1 Chahal to Rizwan, 1 run, fuller length on off, Rizwan shuffles till outside off and slog sweeps along the ground towards deep mid-wicket

9.2 Chahal to Iftikhar Ahmed, no run, pitched up nicely on off, Iftikhar gets forward and pushes this to the cover fielder

9.3 Chahal to Iftikhar Ahmed, 1 run, no timing on that one! Fuller and slower on the pads, Iftikhar is through with his big drive too soon. The ball ambles towards long-on

9.4 Chahal to Rizwan, 1 run, tossed up inviting the big shot, Rizwan gets an inside edge towards short fine

9.5 Chahal to Iftikhar Ahmed, 1 run, fired quicker and fuller on the pads, pushed to the left of Chahal for a single

9.6 Chahal to Rizwan, 1 run, Rizwan gives him the charge and Chahal jams it in full. Dug out towards long-on.

10.1 Jadeja to Rizwan, FOUR, short and wide, cut through backward point and a bit of ordinary fielding from Avesh Khan gives Pakistan a boundary first ball after drinks

10.2 Jadeja to Rizwan, 1 run, fuller and straight. Inside edge onto the pads and Jadeja was onto it in a flash. Rizwan is lucky the bowler misses his stumps

10.3 Jadeja to Iftikhar Ahmed, 1 run, short and straight, pulled off the frontfoot to the left of deep mid-wicket

10.4 Jadeja to Rizwan, no run, fuller outside off, dabbed straight to the short third fielder

10.5 Jadeja to Rizwan, 1 run, fired in on the pads, clipped towards mid-wicket for a single

10.6 Jadeja to Iftikhar Ahmed, 1 run, on a length arm ball on off stump, cut off the backfoot towards sweeper cover

11.1 Chahal to Iftikhar Ahmed, 2 runs, fuller on the pads, slogged wide of long-on for a couple of runs

11.2 Chahal to Iftikhar Ahmed, 1 run, fired into the boots, Iftikhar shuffles away to drive this down the ground to long-on

11.3 Chahal to Rizwan, 1 run, tossed up, Rizwan steps out to the pitch of it and drives to long-off

11.4 Chahal to Iftikhar Ahmed, SIX, it looked like he didn't time it too well, but the sheer power off his shoulders takes it all the way! Too full and Chahal bowls this outside off, Iftikhar gives it a big heave down the ground, the bat turns in his hands but still the power takes it over long-on

11.5 Chahal to Iftikhar Ahmed, no run, dropped!! Low full toss on off, Iftikhar slams it straight back at the bowler who fumbles a couple of times before putting it to the floor. Would have come quick but Chahal showed have stopped!

11.6 Chahal to Iftikhar Ahmed, 1 run, attempted yorker on the boots, dug out towards long-on

12.1 Hardik Pandya to Iftikhar Ahmed, out Caught by Karthik!! Crucial wicket just as a partnership was building. Hardik Pandya back into the attack, surprises Iftikhar Ahmed with a 142 clicks bouncer. The batter pulls but only gets a faint edge that Karthik jumps ideally to catch. Hardik Pandya the gamechanger once again! Iftikhar Ahmed c Karthik b Hardik Pandya 28(22) [4s-2 6s-1]

12.2 Hardik Pandya to Khushdil, no run, back of a length outside off, pushed off the backfoot towards the point fielder

12.3 Hardik Pandya to Khushdil, no run, length ball that hits the pads outside the line of leg stump

12.4 Hardik Pandya to Khushdil, 1 run, back of a length on the body, Khushdil tucks this towards mid-wicket to get off the mark

12.5 Hardik Pandya to Rizwan, no run, Pandya hits the hard length with a straight line. Tucked in the direction of mid-wicket

12.6 Hardik Pandya to Rizwan, 2 runs, short pitched on off, pulled to the left of deep square leg for a couple of runs

13.1 Avesh Khan to Khushdil, no run, 137kph, length ball, Khushdil defends it back to Avesh

13.2 Avesh Khan to Khushdil, no run, 142kph, good length ball goes away with the angle, Khushdil drives with no feet movement and is beaten on the outside edge

13.3 Avesh Khan to Khushdil, 1 run, 142kph, short of length, tapped towards cover for a quick single

13.4 Avesh Khan to Rizwan, FOUR, 138kph, low full toss, Rizwan shuffles across and leans forward to drive it in the gap. Places it between mid-off and extra cover. Dribbles away to the fence

13.5 Avesh Khan to Rizwan, no run, 136kph, low bounce from a short of a good length, Rizwan moves across towards off to heave across the line and the ball scoots under his blade

13.6 Avesh Khan to Rizwan, 1 run, 140kph, goes hard on the drive and mishits. The ball dies down adjacent to the pitch on the off-side for the batters to take the single

14.1 Hardik Pandya to Rizwan, out Caught by Avesh Khan!! Second wicket for Hardik! The short ball ploy works for him again. 141kph, hit-the-deck-hard ball around off, Rizwan sits and sways away from it. But he belatedly decides to play at it. Dangles his bat to periscope it over the cordon and takes his eyes off the ball while doing so. Hits the face of the bat and scoops towards third man where Avesh takes a safe catch. Hardik Pandya is pumped up and rightly so. Rizwan c Avesh Khan b Hardik Pandya 43(42) [4s-4 6s-1]

14.2 Hardik Pandya to Shadab Khan, 1 run, 140kph, full on middle and leg, knocked to mid-on and the batters set off for a risky single. SKY attacks and has a shy at the bowler's end. Fortunately for Shadab, there was no direct hit

14.3 Hardik Pandya to Khushdil, out Caught by Jadeja!! Another wicket to the short ball. Pakistan have now lost half their side. 139kph, dug in short and outside off, Khushdil doesn't bother it to keep it down and pays the price. Flashes his bat at it for an aerial cut and doesn't quite middle it. Jadeja comes in from deep cover to snaffle it with ease. Khushdil c Jadeja b Hardik Pandya 2(7)

14.4 Hardik Pandya to Shadab Khan, wide, 140kph, back of a length wasted down the leg-side

14.4 Hardik Pandya to Shadab Khan, wide, 141kph, another wide down leg, Shadab Khan misses the pull

14.4 Hardik Pandya to Shadab Khan, 1 run, back of a length with width on offer, cut away in front of square on the off-side

14.5 Hardik Pandya to Asif Ali, 2 runs, 142kph, Asif Ali uses the bowler's pace and width to steer it to the right of third man

14.6 Hardik Pandya to Asif Ali, 1 run, 139kph, shortish delivery to end the over, a one-legged pull to deep mid-wicket follows. Excellent performance from Hardik Pandya: 4-0-25-3!

15.1 Chahal to Asif Ali, 1 run, 92kph, quick and angled in on leg, Asif Ali misses the flick and the ball rolls to cover off the pad. Missing leg. GIven as runs, probably there was an inside edge...

15.2 Chahal to Shadab Khan, 1 run, to shapes up to cut and under-edges towards short third man. A quick single taken

15.3 Chahal to Asif Ali, 3 runs, Asif Ali moves leg-side and gets low to lift it inside-out the covers. Didn't quite middle it. Hooda over-runs to his right and fails to gather the ball cleanly

15.4 Chahal to Shadab Khan, 1 run, very full delivery, drilled past the bowler and Kohli does a superb job to keep the batters down to one. Sprints to his left from long-on and is quick to release the ball

15.5 Chahal to Asif Ali, 2 runs, slower and wider, Asif Ali swipes it over mid-wicket for a brace. Kohli runs to his right from long-on to tidy it up on this occasion

15.6 Chahal to Asif Ali, no run, low full toss and that's been pushed to the left of the bowler who makes a diving stop

16.1 Bhuvneshwar to Shadab Khan, no run, 115kph, slower delivery outside off, a shuffling Shadab Khan misses the cut

16.2 Bhuvneshwar to Shadab Khan, 1 run, 118kph, off-speed back of a length ball, slapped to the left of long-off

16.3 Bhuvneshwar to Asif Ali, out Caught by Suryakumar Yadav!! Another one bites the dust! Pace off, probably the leg-cutter marginally outside off, Asif Ali is through with his loft a bit too early. More height than distance and Suryakumar settles under the skier at long-off to take a calm catch. Asif Ali c Suryakumar Yadav b Bhuvneshwar 9(7)

16.4 Bhuvneshwar to Shadab Khan, 1 run, 131kph, short of length, guided to the right of short third man for a single

16.5 Bhuvneshwar to Mohammad Nawaz, no run, 132kph, skiddy delivery with a bit of extra bounce outside off, Nawaz pokes at it and the ball whistles past the outside edge

16.6 Bhuvneshwar to Mohammad Nawaz, 1 run, 134kph, tapped to cover and the batters steal a single. The throw comes to the bowler's end and the ball deflects off Nawaz's body. The batters don't run and fortunately for India, the ball doesn't run away to the fence. Another good over for India - just 3 runs + Asif Ali's wicket...

17.1 Arshdeep Singh to Mohammad Nawaz, out Caught by Karthik!! 136kph, short of a good length outside off, Mohammad Nawaz chases it for a cut and only manages a faint outside edge. Simple catch for the keeper and Karthik doesn't err. Seven down with 17 balls remaining. Mohammad Nawaz c Karthik b Arshdeep Singh 1(3)

17.2 Arshdeep Singh to Haris Rauf, 2 runs, 139kph, round the wicket, full delivery, Haris Rauf's bat turns at the point of impact as he throws his arms at it. Sliced over a back-pedalling extra cover and it's out of Jadeja's reach

17.3 Arshdeep Singh to Haris Rauf, FOUR, 134kph, short delivery just down leg, Haris Rauf gets inside the line and goes hard on the pull. Off the glove and it a leaping Karthik can only get fingertips on it. Runs away to the fence as fine leg was inside the circle. Rauf was clearly late to pull

17.4 Arshdeep Singh to Haris Rauf, no run, 136kph, very full delivery around off, Haris Rauf clears his front leg for a massive hoick across the line. Gets an inside edge onto his boot and the ball goes to the keeper on the bounce

17.5 Arshdeep Singh to Haris Rauf, no run, 97kph, slower delivery on a length, Haris Rauf swings across the line and connects with thin air

17.6 Arshdeep Singh to Haris Rauf, FOUR, 134kph, full and angled in, Haris Rauf swings his bat hard and gets enough wood on this occasion to flick it through mid-wicket for a boundary. 10 runs off the over!

18.1 Bhuvneshwar to Shadab Khan, FOUR, 132kph, full toss on leg, Shadab Khan shuffles and uses the bowler's angle to whip it over backward square leg. Poor delivery and Shadab Khan latched onto it

18.2 Bhuvneshwar to Shadab Khan, out Lbw!! Shadab Khan has been adjudged lbw and he reviews. That looks plumb. 119kph, leg-cutter, Shadab stays on the back foot to flick and misses to get pinned on the back leg adjacent to the sticks. UltraEdge confirms no bat. Over to ball-tracking and that's hitting middle and leg. The onfield call stays. Shadab Khan lbw b Bhuvneshwar 10(9) [4s-1]

18.3 Bhuvneshwar to Naseem Shah, out Lbw!! 135kph, another lbw appeal, umpire Ruchira Palliyaguruge raises his finger. And we have another review. Just like Shadab Khan, Naseem is beaten on the inside edge with a leg cutter. Will height save the debutant? No. It's umpire's call and the onfield call stays. Ball-tracking shows it to be clipping top of middle and leg. Naseem Shah lbw b Bhuvneshwar 0(1)

18.4 Bhuvneshwar to Dahani, no run, no hat-trick for Bhuvneshwar as Dahani defends this length ball towards mid-off

18.5 Bhuvneshwar to Dahani, SIX, wow! Where did that come from? A 91m six! Dahani clears his front leg and swings his bat hard to flog this length ball over cow corner for a biggie

18.6 Bhuvneshwar to Dahani, 2 runs, off-speed ball, moves leg-side and drags the pull to deep mid-wicket. Bhuvneshwar: 4/26 - best figures for India vs Pakistan in T20Is

19.1 Arshdeep Singh to Haris Rauf, no run, slower ball into the pitch, Haris Rauf clears his bat and swings across the line only to miss

19.2 Arshdeep Singh to Haris Rauf, 3 runs, dropped! 114kph, off-speed full delivery outside off, Haris Rauf's bottom hand comes off the bat handle as he throws the kitchen sink. Slices it over extra cover and a back-pedalling Rohit fails to hold onto it

19.3 Arshdeep Singh to Dahani, 2 runs, 141kph, full delivery, drilled to long-on

19.4 Arshdeep Singh to Dahani, SIX, Dahani is pumped up! He moves leg-side, clears his front leg and pummels this off-speed bumper over deep mid-wicket

19.5 Arshdeep Singh to Dahani, out Bowled!! Arshdeep Singh has his man! 141kph, quick and right in the blockhole, Dahani clears his front leg and is late to bring his bat down as he swings wildly again. Misses altogether and the ball crashes into the base of the middle-stump. Pakistan have been bowled out for 147! Dahani b Arshdeep Singh 16(6) [6s-2]